and the word of the Lord came to me son
of man prophesy against the prophets of
Israel who prophesy and say to those who
prophesy out of their own heart hear the
word of the law thus says the Lord God
woe to the foolish prophets who follow
their own spirit and have seen nothing o
Israel your prophets are like foxes in
the deserts you have not gone up into
the gaps to build a wall for the house
of Israel to stand in battle on the day
of the Lord they have envisioned
futility and false divination saying
thus says the Lord but the Lord has not
sent them yet they hope that the word
may be confirmed have you not seen the
futile vision and have you not spoken
false divination you say the Lord says
but I have not spoken therefore thus
says the Lord God
because you have spoken nonsense and
envision lies therefore I am indeed
against you says the Lord God my hand
will be against the prophets who
envision futility and who divine lives
they shall not be in the Assembly of my
people nor be written in the record of
the house of Israel nor shall they enter
into the Land of Israel
then you shall know that I am the Lord
God because indeed because they have
seduced my people saying peace when
there is no peace and one builds a wall
and they plaster it with untempered
mortar say to those who plaster it with
untempered mortar that it will fall
there will be flooding rain and you O
great hailstones shall fall and a stormy
wind shall tear it down surely when the
wall has fallen will it not be said to
you
where is the mortar with which you
plastered
therefore thus says the Lord God I will
call the stormy wind to break forth in
my fury and there shall be a flooding
rain in my anger and great hailstones in
fury to consume it so I will break down
the wall you have plastered with on
tempered mortar and bring it down to the
ground so that its foundation will be
uncovered it will fall and you shall be
consumed in the midst of it then you
shall know that I am the Lord thus will
I accomplish my wrath on the wall and on
those who have plastered it with
untempered mortar and I will say to you
the wall is no more nor those who
plastered it that is the prophets of
Israel who prophesy concerning Jerusalem
and who see visions of peace for her
when there is no peace says the Lord God
likewise son of man set your face
against the daughters of your people who
prophesy out of their own heart
prophesy against them and say thus says
the Lord God woe to the women who sow
magic charms on their sleeves and make
veils for the heads of people of every
height to hunt souls will you hunt the
souls of my people and keep yourselves
alive and will you profane me among my
people for handfuls of barley and four
pieces of bread killing people who
should not die and keeping people alive
who should not live by your lying to my
people who listen to lies therefore thus
says the Lord God behold I am against
your magic charms by which you hunt
souls they're like birds I will tear
them from your arms and let the souls go
the souls you hunt like birds have tear
off your veils and deliver my people out
of your hand and they shall no longer be
as prey in your hand then you shall know
that I am because with lies you have
made the heart of the righteous sad whom
I have not made sound and you would
spring from the hands of the wicked so
that he does not turn from his wicked
way to save his life therefore you shall
no longer envision futility nor practice
divination for I will deliver my people
out of your hand and you shall know that
I am